Add example tests (#203)
anti-work/shortest: README.md

### Running tests

```bash
pnpm shortest                   # Run all tests
pnpm shortest login.test.ts     # Run specific test
pnpm shortest --headless        # Run in headless mode using cli
```

### Examples

You can find example tests in `examples/` directory.

> To run examples, you can use `npx shortest examples/github`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run examples, you can use `pnpm shortest examples/github`
```

> You can find example tests in `examples/` directory.
> To run examples, you can use `pnpm shortest examples/github`
> 
> And you're done!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find example tests in the `examples` directory.
```

### Running tests

```bash
pnpm shortest                   # Run all tests
pnpm shortest login.test.ts     # Run specific test
pnpm shortest --headless        # Run in headless mode using cli
```

> ### Examples
> 
> You can find example tests in the `examples` directory.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find example tests in the `examples` directory.

```
